hi this is Margot
on behalf of all 2x4 dot-com welcome to
my kitchen
today I'm going to prepare chicken kebab
to print this recipe visit how to export
calm
for this recipe we need 1 pound chicken
breast 1 onion chopped 1 cup of plain
yogurt 1/2 TSP cayenne pepper 1/2 TSP
black pepper 1 teaspoon paprika quarter
teaspoon thyme pal 4 cloves of garlic 1
lime juice and 4 scores of your choice
today I'm using bamboo squirrel which I
soak them for an hour in water so that
they don't burn I would process all the
ingredients in the food processor to
process the garlic so that they are
mixed well first run the motor so the
garlic in the processor one by one then
start putting the onion put all the
onions together
who thought this would be enough then as
all the spices
scrape it down
add the lemon juice and let it combine
well after everything is combined well
together at the yard
now cut the chicken evenly to
approximately 1 inch cubes after they
are well combined I put the marinade
into nonreactive board it shouldn't be
metal or I use a plastic bag for easy
cleanup after I put the marinade in the
plastic bag and put the chicken in it
close it well mix it like this so that
the chicken is coated with the money you
can marinate the chicken overnight or
for a couple of hours in the
refrigerator the chicken is marinated
now for a couple of hours and we are
ready and underscore always sleep a
little bit of space between the chickens
under school
discard the remaining of marinade after
you put the chicken on the skewer
sprinkle with some black pepper and salt
let's go and barbecue this delicious
perhaps if they folded kitchen paper to
vegetable or olive oil and wipe their
luxurious riddled with it so that the
chicken doesn't see the Middle East they
barbecue a lot of vegetable kabob to
serve with the kebab today I have I'm
barbecuing some Tomatoes
after eight to ten minutes check lots of
to have color turn it over there before
four to five minutes and check again
by the way that so my tomatoes needs to
be cooked before
that's about because they check the
longer time the buds are done the
chicken has to be cooked thoroughly
beautifully done the tomatoes are done
done
I hope you try this recipe my head
spinning back to print this recipe visit
how to export calm